Once you've run your discoverability checks,
and you've picked out what you want to buy,
we have to actually buy.
And sometimes finding where to purchase something is its own adventure.
Here we have the new overnight sensation. Talia Hibbert, who had a hit, as you can see a USA Today bestseller,
a New York Times bestseller,
with this series that came out last year.
Fantastic.
Everyone loved it. And they wanted more, more and more.
And the good news for them is that Talia Hibbert was not a new overnight sensation at all.
She is an overnight sensation, after publishing quite a few titles.
So, she wasn't very much new to a larger audience,
but not new to publishing.
And there were other titles, she came with a complete backlist that we could give to our patrons to satisfy the need
that came from having a wider audience.
The first thing we do is, you know, you can buy them digitally.
And that's pretty easy to discover.
But we also want to provide print copies, for not everybody has digital access,
not everybody wants to read digitally.
So, we want to provide access in other ways.
So, we know it exists.
But we can't seem to find it.
This is one vendor.
They have all different kinds of formats, except for the one we actually want.
So, you start to think, is it available in print?
Well, yes, I can buy it as a consumer.
There it is,
I can also buy it from my library from a consumer site.
But it's a lot easier, especially for our processes to buy it from a vendor that we work with, on a regular basis.
So, we go to, and there it is, in the format that we want.
The moral of the story is, don't rely on a single vendor,
especially if you can't find an item.
Look in multiple vendors.
And yes, it is more work.
But ultimately, you're going to find the thing that will make your patrons appreciative.
If we do that little bit of extra searching.
This isn't always the case, sometimes it's not available from any library event.
But there are vendors who are more friendly to indie publishing, and self publishing authors who may start in digital
and then create print copies because they see the demand.
Some vendors are more friendly to that than others.
If you do business with only one vendor, I would urge you to reconsider that.
So that you have more options for getting material into your collection.